---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-22T14:58:11.402Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-22T14:42:54.691Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-22-49776916-00b3-4a03-a3a5-5de498a78d6f.md
published: true
url: 49776916-00b3-4a03-a3a5-5de498a78d6f/index.html
_type: Article

---
See What Clients Say About Us
"I have worked with Carl and Jason on few occasions now and I see them as true partners to the entrepreneur ( and investors in some cases as I have observed ) and they go way beyond their scope in ensuring that first of all the opportunity is fundable and then ensuring it gets funded. Given their diversity across finance and legal gives them an edge combined by a boutique approach to targeted approach rather than carpet bombing"
Anurag Srivastava, Co-Founder/ CEO SpaceMatrixGroup, Co-Founder Jungle Ventures, Co-Founder OneAnimation 
"Carl & Jason are an outstanding team who ensure client satisfaction at all times by getting the job done!"
Vince Tallent, Chairman & CEO, fastacash. Fintech 100: Leading Global Fintech Innovators, Red Herring Top 100 Global, SBF: Top 20 Hottest StartUps 
"Carl and Jason were an integral part of Booktracks Series A fundraising. Their professionalism and network of investors where very impressive. Most importantly they understand their investor profiles and the companies they work with to find a match. No time wasting, within 1-2 months we had held the investor meetings and closed the investment for interested parties. Can't recommend them enough"
Mark Cameron, Co-Founder/ Director, Booktrack
"Carl and Jason are a thoroughly professional team who are always accommodating and helpful. Their connectivity and network is extensive and I have always found them to give excellent advice. I have personally known Carl for almost ten years and he has advised me on many of my investments. I have also known Jason for a couple of years and have worked with both of them on several transactions. I would not hesitate to recommend them."
JM Chanrai, of the Kewalram Chanrai Group 
"Carl has been instrumental to work with as our start-up made the journey from seed round to private equity and institutional support. Carl is a delight to work with, full of ideas and contacts."
Frank Lavin, Founder/ CEO, ExportNow, inter alia former U.S. Ambassador to Singapore, Undersecretary for International Trade - U.S. Department of Commerce, Lead trade negotiator for China
"Carl, Jason and their team are result-oriented, very experienced, and provide outstanding practical advice and service... Working with them was a pleasure, especially as they engaged with us as if they were part of our team. Their excellent network of contacts enables them to punch way above their relatively small size."
Bharat Dube, Founder/ CEO, SIPI
"We have benefited greatly from the range of services provided by Capital Solutions. Both Carl and Jason have been extremely understanding of our requirements, provided support and advice as required and have access to key individuals and organisations who are actively investing in companies seeking growth capital."
Vikram Aggarwal, Founder/ CEO, eat2eat
"A firm of client focused consultants with a balanced personal and professional approach"
BS Mangat, Founder/ CEO, FTMSGlObal
"With Carl we have found a valuable partner that is trustworthy, result oriented and above all works in your interest."
Tobias Meister, Founder/ CEO, AURESO
"ETP is a leading technology provider to Omni-Channel Retailers in Asia
Pacific, India and the Middle East. At ETP we have worked closely with Carl
for over 5 years now and it has been a pleasure working with him. Carl
helped us find the right investor and raise significant capital. He ran the
process very professionally keeping in view both the Investor and Investee's
goals and working closely with both to align them. He is insightful and has
high integrity, yet focusses on getting a positive outcome in specific
period of time. We intend to continue engaging Carl in our future endeavors."
Naresh Ahuja, Founder/ CEO, ETP