---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-22T14:58:11.366Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-22T14:54:55.363Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-22-4072ec80-d2f4-46e7-af35-8c167f8695d9.md
published: true
url: 4072ec80-d2f4-46e7-af35-8c167f8695d9/index.html
_type: Article

---
TEAM 
Carl Athayde. Co-Founder & Managing Partner, Marketing & Deal Origination
Prior to Capital Solutions, Carl founded CAadvisory Pte Ltd in 2010,, a Singapore-based boutique firm that introduced Founders to investors who provided Growth Capital. He is also a Corporate Advisor and selectively Board Observer to a number of growing Asian companies including fastacash,SpaceMatrix Group, FTMS, ETP, eat2eat, Novosol, Aureso and SIPI. 
He previously worked as a senior banker over 19 years at Credit Suisse, ANZ, RBS, ABN AMRO and Standard Chartered in both the Institutional and Private client segments, in HongKong and Singapore.
Carl studied at the University of Illinois, U.S.A (master's in management), the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, India, (master's in personnel management), and St. Xavier's College, India, (B.A. sociology and economics). He attended the Wharton SMU management program, and completed relevant CMFAS modules. Carl was invited to join the Executive Board of Dana-Asia, a pan-Asia Pacific organization that assists donors in their Philanthropy, where he briefly served as Chairman, Audit and Risk committee.
Jason Edwards. Advisor , Investor development & Deal Closing
Prior to founding Alternative Investment Advisors, Jason was the General Counsel of Clearwater Capital Partners, a multibillion dollar Asian focused private equity fund that had a team of 6 lawyers. He was a member of the management committee and the investment committee.
Before that he was a partner with the international law firm Baker & McKenzie, having worked in both its Hong Kong and Bangkok office. He was the first foreigner to be made a partner in Baker McKenzies's Bangkok office, the largest law firm in Thailand, in more than 20 years. Before coming to Asia he was a Senior Associate with Clayton Utz, a national law firm in Australia.
He as worked as a lawyer for over 20 years, with more than 16 years in Asia advising on alternative investments. He is admitted to practice in England and Wales, Hong Kong and Australia.
Access to Resources: As required, we have access to an excellent pool of Lawyers, Accountants, Auditors, Analysts, Operating Partners and Industry Experts